gh-121423: Improve import time of `socket` by writing `socket.errorTab` as a constant and lazy import modules (#121424)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-06-12-37-10.gh-issue-121423.vnxrl4.rst

Reviewer: Please rename to `Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-06-12-37-10.gh-issue-118761.vnxrl4.rst` (containing `gh-issue-118761`) and we're ready to merge :)

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/121423 is the right issue.

> Speed up socket.errorTab and lazy import selectors

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Improve import time of `mod`:`socket` by writing `socket.errorTab` as a constant and lazy import of `mod`:`selectors`.
```

Reviewer 4: @eendebakpt It's <code>:mod:\`socket\`</code>, not <code>\`mode\`:\`socket\`</code> and I would suggest having <code>:data:\`socket.errorTab\`</code>, or <code>:data:\`!socket.errorTab\`</code> depending on whether the data is documented or not.

> Improve import time of `mod`:`socket` by writing `socket.errorTab` as a 
> constant and lazy import of `mod`:`selectors`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Improve import time of :mod:`socket` by lazy importing :mod:`selectors` and
writing :data:`!socket.errorTab` as a constant.
```

Reviewer 4: Rewording. I know it wouldn't have made sense in the first place but I thought that the lazy import actually referred to `socket.errorTab` so with this reformulation (and Sphinx correction) I think it could be clearer.
